Majority rule ensemble approach (#276)
nf-core/variantbenchmarking: CHANGELOG.md

- RTGtools update to 3.13 [#261](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/issues/261)
- Transforming local modules with bcftools and tabix to standard nf-core modules [#267](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/267)
- Replace local modules SORT_BED and REFORMAT_HEADER with nf-core ones. [#268](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/268)

> - Introducing a new subworkflow to generate truth vcf with ensembl approach. Test VCFs are being merged and accroding to ensembl_truth rule (the minimum number of samples to keep) the merged VCFs filters out. This apporach is especially important and needed for somatic benchmarks where truth is often missing. [#276](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/276)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introducing a new subworkflow to generate truth vcf with an ensemble approach. Test VCFs are being merged and according to ensembl_truth rule (the minimum number of callers to agree) a new truth set is created. This apporach is especially important and needed for somatic benchmarks where truth is often missing. [#276](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/276)
```
